COMMAND LINE:

        Nebula [game] [options]

        game	-	Is the game used in the other options.
                        		If no options are specified, then the game is loaded and run.

        options –
-log	-	Enable logging of errors in the file error.log
-noraster	-	Disables raster effects.
-list	-	Creates a file Gamelist.lst with all the supported games.
-romdesc	-	Creates a file GameData.lst with the rom data of the selected game.
-export	-	Creates a dat file in the ROMDATA directory with data from the selected 
game.
	-packgui	-	Builds a GUI.DAT file from a GUI.ZIP file. See SKINS section for details 
on this file.
	-knet	-	Run Nebula in Kaillera Netplay mode.
	-romcenter	Creates a romcenter datafile
	-blade15	-	Enables 15Khz Video output for Trident Blade3D cards. Needs 
BLADEIO.VXD (http://www.beimborn.com/mame/dl/blade15_24.zip)


DEFAULT KEYS:

1	-	start player 1
2 	- 	start player 2
3	-	start player 3
4	-	start player 4
5 	- 	coin player 1
6	-	coin player 2
7	-	coin player 3
8	-	coin player 4
f1	-	Service (add credits)
f2	-	Test (Configuration)
f3	-	Reset
f4	-	Cheat and region menu.
f5	-	Start/stop sound recording. Sounds are saved in the SHOTS directory. The
		filename is the game name+the actual code.		
f6	-	Shows Audio Jukebox (CPS only). It's recommended to enter in the test menu 
		to use this feature because the game must continue running.
f7 	-	Take a Screenshot (directory SHOTS)
f8	-	Shots Factory
f9	-	Profiler (shows fps)
f10	-	Save State
f11	-	Load State
SHIFT-f10	Record Movie
SHIFT-f11	Play Movie
SCROLL LOCK -	Removes Framelimit (max speed)
PAUSE	-	Pauses emulator
SPACE 	- 	Advances emulation while pressed while in pause mode.
ENTER	-	Advances 1 frame while in pause mode (gfx rip ;) )
TAB	-	Enter/Exit in-game GUI
+ (NUMPAD -	Increase Frameskip
- (NUMPAD) -	Decrease Frameskip
-	-	Decrease volume
=	-	Increase volume
ESC	-	In game Menus
SHIFT-ESC -	Quick Exit

Different keys for Windowed mode (All other keys work the same way):
TAB	-	show Ingame Menus
ESC	-	switch to window Mode (If in fullscreen) or show/hide window menu (if in window)

arrows  	-	Movement player 1
A	-	Button 1 player 1
S       
D
Z
X
C	-	Button 6 player 1

If you are reported some missing roms and you can't see what they are. Run Nebula with the
-log option and read the file error.log generated after the loading.

