MINI-FAQ

This is a MINI-FAQ that answers the most questions I've received by mail

Q1. Can't load Neogeo games, Nebula says that neo-geo.rom is missing
but I have it inside the game zip.

A: Neo-geo.rom, ng-sfix.rom and ng-sm1.rom (and now ng-lo.rom) MUST be 
   in a file called neogeo.zip in any of the rom directories you have 
   configured.
   NG-LO.ROM file must be 64k (65536 bytes) and it's the same than the first
   64K of the old 128k NG-LO.ROM

Q2. How do I configure multiple directories?

A: Next to the "Alternate Roms Directory" title there is a number with
   2 arrows, use the arrows to change the number of the alternate dir slot 
   and then click in the gap under the title and type the directory there,
   without the trailing backslash.
   There are 10 available and nebula searches the rom files in the order
   the directories are written (first 1, then 2,...)

Q3. I am not using the -noraster option but there are no rasters in neogeo
   games

A: Raster effect for neogeo games must be enabled using the EnableNGRasters
    option in the nebula.ini file

Q5. How can I configure default keys for all (neogeo, cps...) games?
A.  Nebula allows you to configure a default key layout for each game
    button layout (cps 2 players, cps 4 players, neogeo,...), to do
    this, map the desired keys to a game using that layout and press
    "Save as default". These keys will be used for all games with the 
    same button layout that HAVE NOT BEEN CONFIGURED YET. Games that
    have had it's buttons remapped will keep it's mapping. To apply the
    new default values for these games, just press the "Reset to Default"
    button.

Q6: Nebula runs very very slow in my system.
A:   Try switching to System Memory  and using the "No stretch" option (some
Video cards don't support hardware image scaling

Q7: Sengoku3, Zupapa and Kof2k1 have severe graphics problems
A:   No, those games are just disabled, you are not supposed to be
playing them, so don't complaint about it.
