NEOGEO

Starting with version 1.8, Nebula supports Neo·Geo Romsets.
Please note that Neogeo emulation is new in Nebula and there are some
glitches (mainly graphic glitches) in the emulation.

Nebula will need the Neogeo BIOS to run (and also the NG-LO.rom file that is
not part of the current bios package (but surely will be soon)).

The CPU power required for running Neogeo games is much less than the
required for CPS games.

All nebula features work with neogeo games: Macros, cheats, netplay...

Neogeo Romsets use MAME's naming convention, sizes and CRCs so your
Romsets should be checked with the latest Romcenter to ensure the
compatibility.
Neogeo romsets are internal and can't be added using external datafiles.

When the game is running in Console mode, the coin button is used as
Select button.


Special Neogeo Menus:
In the In-Game menus there are 2 options specific to Neogeo: 
Machine Options and Memory Card OPtions.

	Machine Options:
		Country/Region: You can change the region of the game. There
			are 3 regions available: Europe,USA and Japan.
		System: You can select the system to emulate
			- Console: Emulates the console system, there is
				no coin button and no test mode.
			- Arcade: Emulates the arcade (MVS) system. Coin
				and Test buttons work in this system.
		You must reset the game after changing the Region or System

		Debug Dipswitches: You can change some values in Ram that the game
			use as debug/developer dipswitches, these exact meaning of
			each bit depends on the current game.
		Developer mode: This mode emulates the presence of a Debug bios, 
			enabling some hidden features of the games (mlugx, wh1, maglord).
			These features are usually accessed using select button (mslugx) or
			unused buttons (C button in maglord or D button in wh1).

	Memory Card Options:
		Active memory card: You can change the active memory card (there are 10 
		available) when there is no card inserted.
		Insert/Eject memory card: Inserts/Extracts the active memory card.
		Call Memcard Manager: Call the BIOS memory card manager. Note that the
		game will reset when you exit the manager.



Shots Factory:
	The shots factory for neogeo games is different than for CPS.
	Neogeo has only 1 tile plane, that is fixed and always in the 
	top level.
	All the remaining graphics are built using vertical sprite strips
	the shots factory allows you to disable individual strips to remove
	graphics from the image.
